
USAGE (erfr-keysplit.py)

    Contents:

        1.  Definition
        2.  General stuff
          2.1  How to run Python scripts
          2.2  Overview of all command-line arguments
        3.  Split a key file
        4.  Merge multiple key file parts

    1. Definition

        The Erfr Key Splitter script splits a key file into seperate parts and
        also merge multiple key file parts to a single key file.

    2. General stuff

        2.1 How to run Python scripts

            All usage examples below show how to execute the Python scripts on
            the shell of a Unix-like system. If you do not know, how to run
            those scripts on your operating system, you may have a look at
            this page:

                http://www.urbanware.org/howto_python.html

        2.2 Overview of all command-line arguments

            Usually, each script requires command-line arguments to operate.
            So, to get an overview of all arguments available, simply run the
            script with the "--help" argument. For example:

                $ ./erfr-keysplit.py --help

    3. Split a key file

        You can split a key file to multiple parts. However, the seperate
        parts must be merged (see section 4) again to a single file before
        they can be used for the encryption or decryption of files.

        For example, to split the key file called "foobar.key" into 4 parts
        the command line would be as follows:

            $ ./erfr-keysplit.py -a split -k foobar.key -p 4

        This will create the following files:

            foobar.key.001
            foobar.key.002
            foobar.key.003
            foobar.key.004

    4. Merge multiple key file parts

        In order to use a key consisting of multiple parts, it has to be
        merged first. So, to merge a key file which has been split before,
        you need all of the key parts, of course.

        For example, if you have the following parts

            foobar.key.001
            foobar.key.002
            foobar.key.003
            foobar.key.004

        and want to merge them, the command would be as follows. Notice that
        the key file argument must be identical with the name of the seperate
        parts, but without the part ID suffix.

            $ ./erfr-keysplit.py -a merge -k foobar.key

        This will create the merged key file:

            foobar.key

