
USAGE (erfr-monitor.py)

    Contents:

        1.  Definition
        2.  General stuff
          2.1  How to run Python scripts
          2.2  Overview of all command-line arguments
        3.  Process status
          3.1  Return the current process status
          3.2  Permananently monitor the process status

    1. Definition

        The Erfr Monitor script returns or monitors the current status of
        Erfr encryption, decryption, key generation and file obfuscation
        processes.

        This requires the usage of task IDs which are enabled by default. For
        details about task IDs (as well as the corresponding task files) see
        section 8 inside the documentation for the main Erfr script.

    2. General stuff

        2.1 How to run Python scripts

            All usage examples below show how to execute the Python scripts on
            the shell of a Unix-like system. If you do not know, how to run
            those scripts on your operating system, you may have a look at
            this page:

                http://www.urbanware.org/howto_python.html

        2.2 Overview of all command-line arguments

            Usually, each script requires command-line arguments to operate.
            So, to get an overview of all arguments available, simply run the
            script with the "--help" argument. For example:

                $ ./erfr-monitor.py --help

    3. Process status

        When starting an Erfr encryption, decryption, key generation and file
        obfuscation process, a task ID will be returned, for example:

            Started encryption process with task ID 1.

        Notice that a process can only be monitored while it is running.

        However, there is no support for monitoring the generation process of
        multi-part key files so far.

        For details about those multi-part files, see section 3.2 inside the
        documentation of the Erfr Key Generator script.

        3.1 Return the current process status

            To simply return the current status of that process (with ID 1)
            and exit, type:

                $ ./erfr-monitor.py -t 1

        3.2 Permananently monitor the process status

            To monitor the status of that process permanently, a refresh delay
            is required. For example, to monitor the Erfr process and refresh
            the status every 3 seconds, type:

                $ ./erfr-monitor.py -t 1 -d 3

            If a delay of 0 seconds is given, the script will ignore the
            delay, simply return the current process status and exit (just
            like if no delay argeument was given).

